The crowd.dev Premium Edition license (the "PE License")

Copyright (c) 2022-present Crowd Technologies GmbH ("crowd.dev")

The crowd.dev software and associated documentation files (the "Software") may only be
used in production, if you (and any entity that you represent) (i) have a valid crowd.dev
Premium Edition subscription for the correct number of users, (ii) adhere to the
applicable crowd.dev Subscription Terms of Use, available at
https://www.crowd.dev/terms-of-use (the "PE Terms") and (iii) adhere to any other
agreement or terms applicable to the use of the Software. Only under the conditions as
set out in this section, and the applicable terms and conditions, crowd.dev grants you
the right to modify the Software and publish patches to the Software. You agree that
crowd.dev and/or its licensors (as applicable) retain all right, title and interest in
and to all such modifications and/or patches, and all such modifications and/or patches
may only be used, copied, modified, displayed, distributed, or otherwise exploited with
a valid crowd.dev Premium Edition subscription for the correct number of users.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may copy and modify the Software for development and
testing purposes without requiring a crowd.dev Premium Edition subscription. You agree
that crowd.dev and/or its licensors (as applicable) retain all right, title and interest
in and to all such modifications. You are not granted any other rights beyond what is
expressly stated herein. Subject to the foregoing, it is forbidden to copy, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell the Software.

The Software is provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind, express or implied,
including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose and non-infringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright
holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of
contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the Software
or the use or other dealings in the Software.

The text of this PE License shall be included in all copies or substantial
parts of the Software.

All third-party components incorporated into the crowd.dev Software are licensed under
the original license provided by the owner of the applicable component.
